PR: Update Code Analysis pane documentation for Spyder 4 (#112)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/pylint.rst

All standard checks are run by default.
To go directly to a line in the :doc:`editor` highlighted by a failed check, just click its name.

.. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-editor.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis and clicking failed check

|

You can also manually enter the path of a file you'd like it to check in the path entry box in the pane's toolbar.
The analyzer works with both individual scripts and whole Python packages (directories containing an :file:`__init__.py` file).

.. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-file.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis browsing file

|

Cancel analyzing a file with the :guilabel:`Stop` button, and if analysis fails, click the :guilabel:`Output` button to find out why. 
If Pylint does succeed, the :guilabel:`Output` will show the raw plain text analysis results on the selected file, allowing you to easily browse and copy/paste the full message names and descriptions.

.. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-output.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing output

|

> You can click the dropdown or press the dropdown arrow in the filename field to view results of previous analyses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can click the dropdown or press the dropdown arrow in the filename field to view results of previous analyses.
```

Small suggestion just to give a sense of closure for this section to the reader.

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

.. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-history.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing history

============
Options menu
============

> The number of recent runs Spyder should remember can be customized in the :guilabel:`History` dialog, available from the :guilabel:`Code Analysis` options menu.

Reviewer: Is it necessary to have this link?

    :guilabel:`Code Analysis`

I mean, it seems kind of redundant to me, give that it points to this same page.

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

Author: ```suggestion
The number of recent runs Spyder should remember can be customized in the :guilabel:`History` dialog, available from the Code Analysis options menu.
```

.. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-history-custom.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, customizing history dialog

|

> You can also expand or collapse one or all the sections in the pane by using the corresponding options in the context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also expand or collapse one or all the sections in the pane by using the corresponding options in the options menu.
```

The gif is showing how to do that from the options menu, not the context one. Also, this section is about the options menu.

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

.. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-expand-collapse.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, expanding and collapsing sections

|

================
Advanced options
================

You can turn certain messages off at the line, block or file/module level by adding a ``# pylint: disable=MESSAGE-NAMES`` comment at the respective `scope`_, where ``MESSAGE_NAMES`` should be replaced with a comma-separated list (or single value) of `Pylint message names`_.
For example, a directive might look like ``# pylint: disable=multiple-statements``, or ``# pylint: disable=fixme, line-too-long``. 

> .. _scope: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/user_guide/message-control.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _scope: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/stable/user_guide/message-control.html
```

> For example, a directive might look like ``# pylint: disable=multiple-statements``, or ``# pylint: disable=fixme, line-too-long``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a directive might look like ``# pylint: disable=invalid-name``, or ``# pylint: disable=fixme, line-too-long``. 
```

Use the same message shown in the gif below, so it's easier for users to associate this text with it.

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

.. _Pylint message names: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/technical_reference/features.html#pylint-checkers-options-and-switches

.. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-pylint-disable.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing disabling a message locally

|

Or, you can globally suppress specific messages and adjust other Pylint settings by editing the :file:`.pylintrc` configuration file in your user folder.

> If it doesn't exist, you can generate it by running `pylint --generate-rcfile > .pylintrc` in your user directory, from Anaconda Prompt (on Windows) or your terminal (macOS/Linux).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If it doesn't exist, you can generate it by running ``pylint --generate-rcfile > .pylintrc`` in your user directory, from Anaconda Prompt (on Windows) or your terminal (macOS/Linux).
```

For more details on configuring Pylint, see the `Pylint documentation`_.

> .. _Pylint documentation: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/user_guide/message-control.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _Pylint documentation:  http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/stable/index.html
```

#############
Code Analysis
#############

The **Code Analysis** pane detects style issues, bad practices, potential bugs, and other quality problems in your code, all without having to actually execute it.
Based on this, it gives you a global evaluation of your code reflected on a score from 0 to 10.

> Spyder's code analyzer is powered by the best-in-class `Pylint`_ back-end, which can intelligently detect an enormous and customizable range of problem signatures.

Reviewer 2: It was my wording originally, and I had similar concerns when I re-read it now but I didn't want to be too aggressive at changing things. What about 

```suggestion
Spyder's code analyzer is powered by the best-in-class `Pylint`_ back-end, which can intelligently detect an enormous and customizable range of potential errors, bad practices, quality issues, style violations, and more.
```

.. _Pylint: https://www.pylint.org/

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_standard.png
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing numerous issues discovered in a file

|

=======================
Using the code analyzer
=======================

You can select the desired file to analyze directly in the :doc:`editor` by clicking anywhere within it.

> To run the analysis, click the :guilabel:`Analyze` button in the Code Analysis pane, press the configurable shortcut (:kbd:`F8` by default) or select :menuselection:`Source --> Run code analysis` from the menu bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the analysis, press the configurable shortcut (:kbd:`F8` by default), select :menuselection:`Source --> Run code analysis` from the menu bar or click the :guilabel:`Analyze` button in the Code Analysis pane (if already visible).
```

This needs to be rephrased because the `Code Analysis` pane is not shown by default the first time you open Spyder.

Reviewer 2: LGTM

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the analysis, press the configurable shortcut (:kbd:`F8` by default), select :menuselection:`Source --> Run code analysis` from the menu bar or click the :guilabel:`Analyze` button in the Code Analysis pane.
If the Code Analysis pane is not visible, you can open it under :menuselection:`View --> Panes --> Code Analysis`.
```

All standard checks are run by default.
To go directly to a line in the :doc:`editor` highlighted by a failed check, just click its name.

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_editor.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis and clicking failed check

|

> You can manually enter the Python module or package path you'd like it to check in the path entry box in the pane's toolbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manually enter the path of a file you'd like it to check in the path entry box in the pane's toolbar.
```

* I added `also` because this is another way of using the pane.
* `module or package path` reads very convoluted to me. And although `the path of a file` is inaccurate, things are clarified in the next sentence.

Reviewer 2: I agree, much better.

> The analyzer works with both individual scripts and whole Python packages (directories containing an :file:`__init__.py` file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The analyzer works with both individual files and whole Python packages (directories containing an :file:`__init__.py` file).
```

Sometimes newbies don't know what a script is.

Reviewer 2: If you say so... :facepalm:

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_file.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis browsing file

|

Cancel analyzing a file with the :guilabel:`Stop` button, and if analysis fails, click the :guilabel:`Output` button to find out why. 

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_stop.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing stopping analysis

|

You can click the dropdown or press the :kbd:`Down Arrow` key in the filename field to view results of previous analyses.

> 

Reviewer: Is an image missing at this point? (it looks like it to me).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can click the dropdown or press the dropdown arrow in the filename field to view results of previous analyses.
```

Author: Will do

> ===================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
============
```

> Contex menu options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options menu
```

@juanis2112, in graphical apps context menus are the ones you get when you do a mouse left-click.

Reviewer 2: I discuss this below, this was what I suggested. However, you also need to fix the length of the `=======`s.

> ===================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
============
```

> The number of recent runs Spyder should remember can be customized in the :guilabel:`History` dialog, available from the :guilabel:`Code Analysis` context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of recent runs Spyder should remember can be customized in the :guilabel:`History` dialog, available from the :guilabel:`Code Analysis` options menu.
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed as above

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_history.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, customizing history dialog

|

> You can also expand or collapse one or all the sections in the pane by using the corresopnding options in the context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also expand or collapse one or all the sections in the pane by using the corresponding options in the context menu.
```

Typo.

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_expand_collapse.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, expanding and collapsing sections

|

================
Advanced options
================

You can turn certain messages off at the line, block or file/module level by adding a ``# pylint: disable=<list of message names>`` comment at the respective `level`_, (LINK) where the ``<...>`` portion should be replaced with a comma-separated list (or single value) without the ``<``/``>`` of Pylint message names (*e.g.* ``multiple-statements``, or ``fixme, line-too-long``; you can also use `error codes`_ like ``C0321`` although names are preferred for clarity).  

.. _Pylint message names: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/technical_reference/features.html#pylint-checkers-options-and-switches

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_pylint_disable.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing disabling a message locally

|

Or, you can globally suppress specific messages and adjust other Pylint settings by editing the :file:`.pylintrc` configuration file in your user folder.

> If it doesn't exist, you can generate it by running `pylint --generate-rcfile > .pylintrc` in your home directory from Anaconda Prompt (on Windows) or your terminal (macOS/Linux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it doesn't exist, you can generate it by running `pylint --generate-rcfile > .pylintrc` in your Users directory from the Anaconda Prompt (on Windows) or your terminal (on macOS/Linux).
```

* Probably Windows users don't know what their `home` directory is. Besides, `Users` is the same for both Windows and macOS, and almost all Linux users know that it refers to their `home` dir.
* I think `the` is missing here? (Not really sure).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If it doesn't exist, you can generate it by running `pylint --generate-rcfile > .pylintrc` in your user directory, from Anaconda Prompt (on Windows) or your terminal (macOS/Linux).
```

I guess, I just wanted to avoid repetition. The correct term should be `user` directory; on Windows and macOS the `Users` directory is the directory that stores the home directories.

Based on this, it gives you a global evaluation of your code reflected on a score from 0 to 10.
Spyder's code analyzer is powered by the best-in-class `Pylint`_ back-end, which can intelligently detect an enormous and customizable range of problem signatures.

.. _Pylint: https://www.pylint.org/

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_standard.png
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing numerous issues discovered in a file

|

=======================
Using the code analyzer
=======================

You can select the desired file to analyze directly in the :doc:`editor` by clicking anywhere within it.
To run it, click the :guilabel:`Analyze` button in the pane, press the configurable code analysis shortcut (:kbd:`F8` by default) or select :menuselection:`Source --> Run code analysis` from the menu bar.
All standard checks are run by default.
To go directly to line in the :doc:`editor` highlighted by a failed check, just click its name.

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_editor.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis and clicking failed check

> |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|

```

You can manually enter the Python module or package path you'd like it to check in the path entry textbox in the :guilabel:`Code Analysis` pane. 
The analyzer works with both ``.py`` (or ``.pyw``) Python scripts and whole Python packages (directories containing an :file:`__init__.py` file).

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_file.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis browsing file

> |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|

```

Cancel analyzing a file with the :guilabel:`Stop` button, and if analysis fails, click the :guilabel:`Output` button to find out why. 

> .. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_stop.gif

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_stop.gif
```

   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis browsing file

> |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|

```

#############
Code Analysis
#############

The **Code Analysis** pane detects style issues, bad practices, potential bugs, and other quality problems in your code, all without having to actually execute it.

> Based on this, it gives you a global evaluation of your code reflected on a score from 0 to 10.

Author: I still thinks it would be necessary to specify the range of the score, otherwise it's hard to understand. Is it from -10 to 10? Or how does it work?

> Based on this, it gives you a global evaluation of your code reflected on a score from 0 to 10.

Author: @ccordoba12 thoughts?

> Based on this, it gives you a global evaluation of your code reflected on a score from 0 to 10.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I wanted to include it which is why I did some testing to find out, but

> There isn't actually a clear lower bound, scores can go negative if you have enough warnings and errors (I've seen it in the wild a number of times before, and I was able to get >-50 in some quick testing.

So while there's an upper bound (which is already explicitly shown in the UI), there's no lower bound so I'm not sure how to explain it clearly and concisely especially given the context of a high-level summary of the whole pane, so I feel the only thing we can do is cut it.

> Based on this, it gives you a global evaluation of your code reflected on a score from 0 to 10.

Reviewer 2: I played around with different ways of putting it for while but just couldn't find a clear and concise way of putting it. If one of you can, I guess I'm fine with it but I'm really not sure how since its not just a neat defined range.

Spyder's code analyzer is powered by the best-in-class `Pylint`_ back-end, which can intelligently detect an enormous and customizable range of problem signatures.

.. _Pylint: https://www.pylint.org/

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_standard.png
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing numerous issues discovered in a file

|

=======================
Using the code analyzer
=======================

You can select the desired file to analyze directly in the :doc:`editor` by clicking anywhere within it.
To run it, click the :guilabel:`Analyze` button in the pane, press the configurable code analysis shortcut (:kbd:`F8` by default) or select :menuselection:`Source --> Run code analysis` from the menu bar.
All standard checks are run by default.
To go directly to line in the :doc:`editor` highlighted by a failed check, just click its name.

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_editor.gif

>    :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis and clicking failed check

Reviewer 2: Could be sped up a little (maybe 1.5x?) but otherwise very good

Reviewer: I agree with @CAM-Gerlach: speeding this gif up a bit would improve it.

|

You can manually enter the Python module or package path you'd like it to check in the path entry textbox in the :guilabel:`Code Analysis` pane. 
The analyzer works with both ``.py`` (or ``.pyw``) Python scripts and whole Python packages (directories containing an :file:`__init__.py` file).

> .. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_file.gif

Reviewer 2: Maybe a 1.25x speedup, but again otherwise good for me

Reviewer: This one is fine for me.

Reviewer 2: Yeah it was marginal IMO.

   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis browsing file

|

Cancel analyzing a file with the :guilabel:`Stop` button, and if analysis fails, click the :guilabel:`Output` button to find out why. 

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_stop.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis browsing file

|

You can click the dropdown or press the :kbd:`Down Arrow` key in the filename field to view results of previous analyses; 

===================
Contex menu options
===================
The number of recent runs Spyder should remember can be customized in the :guilabel:`History` dialog from the :guilabel:`Code Analysis` context menu.

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_history.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, customizing history dialog

|

You can also expand or collapse one or all the sections in the pane by using the corresopnding options in the context menu.

> .. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_expand_collapse.gif

Reviewer 2: The text and section title says to use the options in the context menu, but you actually show using the pane options menu instead. I would suggest changing the text and section title accordingly since these options make more sense from the options menu rather than being directly contextual, but idk. Otherwise, and being sped up by maybe 1.5x or so, it looks good.

Reviewer: > The text and section title says to use the options in the context menu, but you actually show using the pane options menu instead

I agree and left the corresponding suggestions above.

> and being sped up by maybe 1.5x or so

Perhaps 1.25x is enough?

   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, customizing history dialog

|

================
Advanced options
================

> You can turn certain messages off at the line, block or file/module level by adding a ``# pylint: disable=<list of message names>`` comment at the respective `level`_, (LINK) where the ``<...>`` portion should be replaced with a comma-separated list (or single value) without the ``<``/``>`` of Pylint message names (*e.g.* ``multiple-statements``, or ``fixme, line-too-long``; you can also use `error codes`_ like ``C0321`` although names are preferred for clarity).  

Author: Didn't we say we were going to put the link of the list of codes so they can do it with the codes too? I mean the codes are still shown in the messages of the pane so I'm not sure we should remove this. @ccordoba12 thoughts on this?

> You can turn certain messages off at the line, block or file/module level by adding a ``# pylint: disable=<list of message names>`` comment at the respective `level`_, (LINK) where the ``<...>`` portion should be replaced with a comma-separated list (or single value) without the ``<``/``>`` of Pylint message names (*e.g.* ``multiple-statements``, or ``fixme, line-too-long``; you can also use `error codes`_ like ``C0321`` although names are preferred for clarity).  

Reviewer 2: The list isn't (just) of the code, its primarily of the error names, messages and what they mean. Use of the codes are officially deprecated, could theoretically be removed at any time from a future Pylint version, and will actually raise more Pylint warnings (in a different category that AFAIK Spyder doesn't yet show, but other tools will). So I don't see the need to mention the codes here as it is a Pylint implementation detail, but we could mention it elsewhere when discussing what is shown in the pane (if it isn't already) which is where it should probably be mentioned anyway under the reasoning you state above.

> You can turn certain messages off at the line, block or file/module level by adding a ``# pylint: disable=<list of message names>`` comment at the respective `level`_, (LINK) where the ``<...>`` portion should be replaced with a comma-separated list (or single value) without the ``<``/``>`` of Pylint message names (*e.g.* ``multiple-statements``, or ``fixme, line-too-long``; you can also use `error codes`_ like ``C0321`` although names are preferred for clarity).  

Reviewer: I agree with @CAM-Gerlach's rephrasing and also with this:

> So I don't see the need to mention the codes here

> .. _error codes: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/technical_reference/features.html#pylint-checkers-options-and-switches

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _Pylint message names: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/technical_reference/features.html#pylint-checkers-options-and-switches
```

Fix link erence to point to the canonical message names rather than error code.

> .. _level: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/user_guide/message-control.html
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Moved this down further since its duplicative otherwise.

> .. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_pylint_disable.gif

Reviewer 2: Can be sped up by ~1.5x, but otherwise looks great.

Reviewer: I don't agree with using a gif here because it's very difficult to understand what's happening.

Instead, I'd suggest to replace it with a still png that shows a simple error in a very simple code in the editor on the left and how that error is ignored by Pylint in the Code Analysis pane on the right.

>    :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, customizing history dialog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing disabling a message locally
```

Another dupe

|

Or, you can globally suppress certain messages by editing the :file:`.pylintrc` configuration file in your user home directory.
For more details on configuring Pylint, see the `Pylint documentation`_.

> .. _Pylint documentation: https://pylint.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq.html#message-control

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _Pylint documentation: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/user_guide/message-control.html
```

Update the link to the one from above.

> .. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_pylint_file.gif

Reviewer 2: I think the speed is fine and everything else is good, but two things:

* It would be really nice if you could move the mouse around to emphasize what we want users to focus on: Specifically, all the Pylint messages at the beginning, and the lack thereof at the end
* We need to show running the command in the terminal that generates the config file or none of this will work for users, spending at least ~2-3 seconds with the command fully visible so users can read it since they can't pause the GIF

Reviewer: > It would be really nice if you could move the mouse around to emphasize what we want users to focus on: Specifically, all the Pylint messages at the beginning, and the lack thereof at the end

Agreed.

> We need to show running the command in the terminal that generates the config file or none of this will work for users, spending at least ~2-3 seconds with the command fully visible so users can read it since they can't pause the GIF

I think this could help for clarity but I don't see it as critical. I mean, it could stay as it is for me.

Reviewer 2: My concern on the latter is that unless users carefully read the docs, they might be surprised if they follow the steps in the GIF they don't find a `.pylintrc` file.

>    :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, customizing history dialog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, disabling a message globally in the .pylintrc
```

Ibid

#############
Code Analysis
#############

The **Code Analysis** pane detects style issues, bad practices, potential bugs, and other quality problems in your code, all without having to actually execute it. Based on this, it gives you a global evaluation of your code reflected on a score from 0 to 10.
Spyder's code analyzer is powered by the best in class `Pylint`_ back-end, which can intelligently detect an enormous and customizable range of problem signatures.

.. _Pylint: https://www.pylint.org/

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_standard.png
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing numerous issues discovered in a file

|

=======================
Using the code analyzer
=======================

You can select the desired file to analyze directly in the :doc:`editor` by clicking anywhere within it.

> To run it, click the :guilabel:`Analyze` button in the pane, press the configurable code analysis shortcut (:kbd:`F8` by default) or select :menuselection:`Sour&ce --> Run code analysis` from the menubar. All standard checks are run by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run it, click the :guilabel:`Analyze` button in the pane, press the configurable code analysis shortcut (:kbd:`F8` by default) or select :menuselection:`Source --> Run code analysis` from the menu bar.
All standard checks are run by default.
```

To go directly to line in the :doc:`editor` highlighted by a failed check, just click its name.

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_editor.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis and clicking failed check

|

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

You can manually enter the Python module or package path you'd like it to check in the path entry textbox in the :guilabel:`Code Analysis` pane. 
The analyzer works with both ``.py`` (or ``.pyw``) Python scripts and whole Python packages (directories containing an :file:`__init__.py` file).

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_file.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis browsing file

|

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Cancel analyzing a file with the :guilabel:`Stop` button, and if analysis fails, click the :guilabel:`Output` button to find out why. 

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_stop.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis browsing file

|

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

You can click the dropdown or press the :kbd:`Down Arrow` key in the filename field to view results of previous analyses; 

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

===================
Contex menu options
===================

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

The number of recent runs Spyder should remember can be customized in the :guilabel:`History` dialog from the :guilabel:`Code Analysis` context menu.

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_history.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, customizing history dialog

|

You can also expand or collapse one or all the sections in the pane by using the corresopnding options in the context menu.

.. image:: images/pylint/code_analysis_expand_collapse.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, customizing history dialog

|

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

.. _Pylint: https://www.pylint.org/

> .. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-standard.png

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to make this full-width since it almost is already and it is the hero, but if it would take more than 5 minutes to redo not worth it I guess.

All standard checks are run by default.
To go directly to a line in the :doc:`editor` highlighted by a failed check, just click its name.

.. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-editor.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis and clicking failed check

|

You can also manually enter the path of a file you'd like it to check in the path entry box in the pane's toolbar.
The analyzer works with both individual scripts and whole Python packages (directories containing an :file:`__init__.py` file).

.. image:: images/pylint/code-analysis-file.gif
   :alt: Spyder Pylint pane, showing running analysis browsing file

|

Cancel analyzing a file with the :guilabel:`Stop` button, and if analysis fails, click the :guilabel:`Output` button to find out why. 

> If Pylint does succeed, the :guilabel:`Output` will show the full plain text of the same messages displayed in the pane.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Pylint does succeed, the :guilabel:`Output` will show the raw plain text analysis results on the selected file, allowing you to easily browse and copy/paste the full message names and descriptions.
```

Better describe what is shown and clarify some potential uses.

> You can turn certain messages off at the line, block or file/module level by adding a ``# pylint: disable=MESSAGE-NAMES`` comment at the respective `scope`_, where ``MESSAGE_NAMES`` should be replaced with a comma-separated list (or single value) of `Pylint message names`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can turn certain messages off at the line, block or file/module level by adding a ``# pylint: disable=MESSAGE-NAMES`` comment at the respective scope, where ``MESSAGE_NAMES`` should be replaced with a comma-separated list (or single value) of `Pylint message names`_.
```

Reviewer 2: Reject

For example, a directive might look like ``# pylint: disable=multiple-statements``, or ``# pylint: disable=fixme, line-too-long``. 

.. _scope: http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/user_guide/message-control.html

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This is already linked below. My suggested course of action is to remove the inline link here, not add another one.

Reviewer 2: But maybe its better to link it here and link something more general for the Pylint docs? Not sure, we can discuss.

Reviewer 2: Rejected/superseded.
